README.md, before:

[![License](https://img.shields.io/:license-apache-blue.svg)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)
[![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/73/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/73)
[![Puppet Forge](https://img.shields.io/puppetforge/v/simp/hirs_provisioner.svg)](https://forge.puppetlabs.com/simp/hirs_provisioner)
[![Puppet Forge Downloads](https://img.shields.io/puppetforge/dt/simp/hirs_provisioner.svg)](https://forge.puppetlabs.com/simp/hirs_provisioner)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/simp/pupmod-simp-hirs_provisioner.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/simp/pupmod-simp-hirs_provisioner)

#### Table of Contents

1. [Description](#description)
2. [Setup - The basics of getting started with hirs_provisioner](#setup)
    * [Setup requirements](#setup-requirements)
    * [Beginning with hirs_provisioner](#beginning-with-hirs_provisioner)
3. [Usage - Configuration options and additional functionality](#usage)
4. [Reference - An under-the-hood peek at what the module is doing and how](#reference)
5. [Limitations - OS compatibility, etc.](#limitations)
6. [Development - Guide for contributing to the module](#development)
    * [Acceptance Tests - Beaker env variables](#acceptance-tests)

---

    +---------------------------------------------------------------+
    | WARNING: This is currently an **EXPERIMENTAL** module things  |
    | may change drastically, and in breaking ways, without notice! |
    +---------------------------------------------------------------+

---

## Description

This module manages Host Integrity at Runtime and Start-up (HIRS) provisioning.
It installs and configures the necessary packages and components to
register the system with an Attestation Certificate Authority, which can
ensure Trusted Computing Group based Supply Chain Validation of systems.

### This is a SIMP module

This module is a component of the [System Integrity Management Platform](https://simp-project.com), a
compliance-management framework built on Puppet.

If you find any issues, they may be submitted to our [bug
tracker](https://simp-project.atlassian.net/).

This module is optimally designed for use within a larger SIMP ecosystem, but
it can be used independently:

 * When included within the SIMP ecosystem, security compliance settings will
   be managed from the Puppet server.
 * If used independently, all SIMP-managed security subsystems are disabled by
   default and must be explicitly opted into by administrators.  Please review
   the parameters in
   [`simp/simp_options`](https://github.com/simp/pupmod-simp-simp_options) for
   details.

## Setup

### Setup Requirements

In order to utilize the HIRS Provisioner module, the target system must have an
enabled TPM device and an ACA must be configured and accessible for the the
system to receive a certificate and register.  If the ACA is hosted on a remote
system, the fully qualified domain name of the ACA system should be specified
in Hiera.  The SIMP TPM or TPM2 modules can be used to setup and enable the TPM
devices.

### Beginning with hirs_provisioner

Include the HIRS Provisioner class in Hiera.
```yaml
classes:
  - hirs_provisioner
```

## Usage

If the ACA is hosted on a remote system, it is necessary to specify the fully
qualified domain name of that system in Hiera, by adding the following:
```yaml
---
hirs_provisioner::config::aca_fqdn: fqdn.of.the.aca
```

## Reference

Please refer to the inline documentation within each source file, or to the
module's generated YARD documentation for reference material.

## Limitations


SIMP Puppet modules are generally intended for use on Red Hat Enterprise Linux
and compatible distributions, such as CentOS. Please see the
[`metadata.json` file](./metadata.json) for the most up-to-date list of
supported operating systems, Puppet versions, and module dependencies.

## Development

Please read our [Contribution Guide](http://simp-doc.readthedocs.io/en/stable/contributors_guide/index.html).

### Acceptance tests

TODO: There are currently no acceptance tests. We would need to use a virtual
TPM to ensure test system stability, and it requires patches to libvirt,
associated emulation software, Beaker, and Vagrant before acceptance
tests for this module become feasible. Read our progress so far on the [issue](https://simp-project.atlassian.net/browse/SIMP-5897).

Commit message:

(SIMP-5926) Develop acceptance tests (#2)
* Refined module manifests and facts
  * Renamed TPM-related facts to be prefixed with 'hirs_'
  * Updated config.pp manifest for syntax
   * Updated init.pp to replace notify with notice for idempotency
* Added acceptance test using TPM 1.2 and 2.0 simulators
  * Removed unused nodesets

SIMP-5740 #close
SIMP-5926 #close

README.md, after:

[![License](https://img.shields.io/:license-apache-blue.svg)](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html)
[![CII Best Practices](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/73/badge)](https://bestpractices.coreinfrastructure.org/projects/73)
[![Puppet Forge](https://img.shields.io/puppetforge/v/simp/hirs_provisioner.svg)](https://forge.puppetlabs.com/simp/hirs_provisioner)
[![Puppet Forge Downloads](https://img.shields.io/puppetforge/dt/simp/hirs_provisioner.svg)](https://forge.puppetlabs.com/simp/hirs_provisioner)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/simp/pupmod-simp-hirs_provisioner.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/simp/pupmod-simp-hirs_provisioner)

#### Table of Contents

1. [Description](#description)
2. [Setup - The basics of getting started with hirs_provisioner](#setup)
    * [Setup requirements](#setup-requirements)
    * [Beginning with hirs_provisioner](#beginning-with-hirs_provisioner)
3. [Usage - Configuration options and additional functionality](#usage)
4. [Reference - An under-the-hood peek at what the module is doing and how](#reference)
5. [Limitations - OS compatibility, etc.](#limitations)
6. [Development - Guide for contributing to the module](#development)
    * [Acceptance Tests - Beaker env variables](#acceptance-tests)

---

    +---------------------------------------------------------------+
    | WARNING: This is currently an **EXPERIMENTAL** module things  |
    | may change drastically, and in breaking ways, without notice! |
    +---------------------------------------------------------------+

---

## Description

This module manages Host Integrity at Runtime and Start-up (HIRS) provisioning.
It installs and configures the necessary packages and components to
register the system with an Attestation Certificate Authority, which can
ensure Trusted Computing Group based Supply Chain Validation of systems.

### This is a SIMP module

This module is a component of the [System Integrity Management Platform](https://simp-project.com), a
compliance-management framework built on Puppet.

If you find any issues, they may be submitted to our [bug
tracker](https://simp-project.atlassian.net/).

This module is optimally designed for use within a larger SIMP ecosystem, but
it can be used independently:

 * When included within the SIMP ecosystem, security compliance settings will
   be managed from the Puppet server.
 * If used independently, all SIMP-managed security subsystems are disabled by
   default and must be explicitly opted into by administrators.  Please review
   the parameters in
   [`simp/simp_options`](https://github.com/simp/pupmod-simp-simp_options) for
   details.

## Setup

### Setup Requirements

In order to utilize the HIRS Provisioner module, the target system must have an
enabled TPM device and an ACA must be configured and accessible for the the
system to receive a certificate and register.  If the ACA is hosted on a remote
system, the fully qualified domain name of the ACA system should be specified
in Hiera.  The SIMP TPM or TPM2 modules can be used to setup and enable the TPM
devices.

### Beginning with hirs_provisioner

Include the HIRS Provisioner class in Hiera.
```yaml
classes:
  - hirs_provisioner
```

## Usage

If the ACA is hosted on a remote system, it is necessary to specify the fully
qualified domain name of that system in Hiera, by adding the following:
```yaml
---
hirs_provisioner::config::aca_fqdn: fqdn.of.the.aca
```

## Reference

Please refer to the inline documentation within each source file, or to the
module's generated YARD documentation for reference material.

## Limitations


SIMP Puppet modules are generally intended for use on Red Hat Enterprise Linux
and compatible distributions, such as CentOS. Please see the
[`metadata.json` file](./metadata.json) for the most up-to-date list of
supported operating systems, Puppet versions, and module dependencies.

## Development

Please read our [Contribution Guide](http://simp-doc.readthedocs.io/en/stable/contributors_guide/index.html).

### Acceptance tests

This module includes [Beaker](https://github.com/puppetlabs/beaker) acceptance
tests using the SIMP [Beaker Helpers](https://github.com/simp/rubygem-simp-beaker-helpers).
By default the tests use [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/) with
[VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org) as a back-end; Vagrant and VirtualBox
must both be installed to run these tests without modification. To execute the
tests run the following:

```shell
bundle install
bundle exec rake beaker:suites
```
